Morning everybody.
Uh I'm going to call order the town of
May and go over board of select men
special meeting for Friday, October
24th, 2025 at 9:00 a.m. And we're going
to start with the
pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America and to the
republic for which it stands. One nation
under God, indivisible, liberty, justice
for all.
>> Okay, you guys offer comment. We're
going to get started with the public
speak. Joe,
>> Joe, you good?
>> I'm good.
>> All right, Liz, it's all
>> me.
>> Yeah, I'm good.
>> Nothing. You're good.
>> Rogers Rogers. Um, I just to say that
um, as a voter guidance member, I'm
extremely concerned about the situation
that we're in right now, losing Eric.
Um, because we rely on administrator
heavily at our at our meetings, at our
weekly meetings when we're going through
the budgeting process because Eric or
the town administrator
where we're just volunteers, myself, Liz
and the rest of the board, they show up
once a month and then the budget once a
week. We don't have an intricate
knowledge of the budget that Eric does
of every single line and everything
that's going on in town. He was a
crucial part of um our budgeting season,
our budgeting process. And without him
or someone like him with his knowledge,
it's going to be very very difficult
especially with Mark Breaker and Joanne
Kever who have been on board longer than
anybody else on oil tipper. Well, we
lose England possibly too reelected. So
we have a very young board without the
benefit of having an administrator who
really knows the intricate interworkings
of the town. So it's going to be a huge
loss and I hope that this board acts
quickly and decisively to get a
qualified person to backfill Eric's
position.
>> Dram
>> Yep.
>> You don't want to be on camera? Can we
can get you on camera quick?
>> Nope.
>> No. Okay. All right. Um,
listen, Eric, Eric stepped out. Um, this
discussion between us is really to how
to fill the position and what we're
looking for from
an interim town administrator and then a
permanent town administrator and how we
sit there and go about those steps. So,
I really want Eric to sit there and
explain to the board and the members his
situation and where he's at and where
what his recommendation is so that we
hear that first before we start talking
about what we think should happen.
>> All right. So, he's off the phone now.
>> Joe, can you hear me? I'm going to make
sure. I
>> think so.
>> I'll move you closer if I have to.
>> There he is. I'll move you closer.
No, come on. You want to sit here? There
you go.
>> If I can hear you better, I'll sit next
to you.
>> Stand right next to us.
>> Uh Eric, uh what I had said to
everybody.
>> I wanted you to explain
>> your current position, what you think is
going to go on so that we can hear from
you your ex, what you think we should
potentially do as we decide what to run.
>> Okay. So my thoughts are pretty simple
and that is hire an interim town
manager/c town administrator to get
through the next 3 to 6 months while you
make a decision on a permanent
replacement. Um my suggestion is that
you hire Jim Balano. Um he came
recommended to me from
uh from Nikk's
executive director. Um and independently
John Elcesser also said he would be a
good fit. So um you know and the town's
attorney said he functioned very
effectively in Windham twice while he
was the interim uh town manager.
>> Hold on one second.
>> Yeah. I want to repeat that.
>> Okay.
>> Just to do that again.
>> All right. Take two.
>> Take two.
>> Round number two. Okay. So, you asked me
what my thoughts were on what the
process should be going forward.
And my suggestion initially is that you
hire an interim account administrator
um to fulfill the role until such time
as you've gone through the search
process and hired a permanent
replacement. Ideally, you would have
that person in place by around November
1. So, he and I have a couple weeks of
overlap. Um, so I can transfer as much
information to him because there are a
lot of projects going right now uh that
need to be addressed. So, my suggestion
is that you choose Jim Bolano. Um he was
initially recommended to us from uh Jim
Rivers who is at NECOG. Um and Jim Jim
Rivers prior to that was the uh person
in charge. Um he was Windham's town
manager and he transitioned to Jim
twice. once from Jim Balano to Jim
Rivers when Jim Rivers took over as town
manager and then five years later when
he left Windham to be NECOG's executive
director he transitioned back to Jim
Bano uh who then transitioned to the new
administrative who's been through this
before. He's a good people person so I
think he can hopefully stabilize the
town workforce which I think is going to
be a really important consideration.
uh you know in your decision. So I also
uh asked John Elcesser um he gave me two
names. Jim Balano was one and uh he
listed a second which I also provided to
you in that packet. Um, if neither of
those two are acceptable to you, then
there are two NICOG employees
that are functioning in town
administrator roles from multiple towns
right now. Um, that do would have some
bandwidth to cover the town of Andover,
but I would think that would be your
certainly not your primary choice. That
would be a fallback position if you
couldn't get anybody else to do it on a
more
uh
more close to full-time basis. So, I
think that's the first thing. Get
somebody in, you know, to run the show
in in the short term for 3 to 6 months
or however long you think you anticipate
taking to do the search. Um, number two,
I think you should probably reach out to
CCM
um, and talk to their staff about uh,
doing a salary survey for the position
so that you as a board understand kind
of what the ranges of salaries for town
administrators, town managers are. So
you have a basis going into discussion
because I think you're going to
struggle. Towns that pay an awful lot
more than Andover are still struggling
to find competent town
managers/administrators.
Um
so that would be my suggestion.
Understand where you are on a salary
basis and figure out where you want to
be. Uh the third thing would be to hire
an executive search firm. Um, I've
provided you with two. There are clearly
a bunch more out there. Um, I've been
through the process with MRI. Um, from
the applicant standpoint, they are uh
thorough to a degree. That's shocking
actually. Um,
but there's there's good in that because
you at the end of the day, you will know
everything you want to possibly know
about a candidate prior to uh, you know,
signing an employment agreement with the
new administrator. So, um, that's one.
Randy Frank is another. Uh I know she
did Coventry search, she did killing
relyarch, she did three or four others
in Connecticut in the last year. So
she's she's also somebody that does that
um extensively
um in you know in the state of
Connecticut.
Um so
that's those are my basic suggestions.
Um, you know, and then I would also say
we need to kind of have a play plan in
place to cover the things the
the roles that I take on that are kind
of outside the direct town
administration. Um, one is board of
directors for Easter eastern Iowa's
health district. I'm also on their exec
committee, but my replacement will not.
they will choose another uh current
board member for their exec committee,
but we should have a rep on the board of
directors. Um, ideally that should be
the temporary
uh administrator.
And part of the reason why that's
important is most of the people that are
on the board of directors are other town
managers and town administrators. and it
gives you an opportunity every other
month to sit down with your peers and
after the meeting discuss a lot of the
things that occur. So I think that's
important. Um and you have the contact
info for Rob Miller who's the head of
the Eastern Iowa's health district.
Um, we're going into the season where
the uh Midnortheast Recycling
Consortium, which Andover is a part of,
believe it or not, we're one of the
founding members of that, um, starts to
do their bidding for, you know,
recycling, tires, all the functions of
the transfer station and hazardous
waste. They that group also uh runs our
hazardous waste disposal facility which
is in Willington. Uh we should have a
rep going to those meetings and voting
at those meetings and I listed the
contact information there. Um we
probably should have a representative
for the Hop River Trail Alliance.
Um, for those of you who don't know,
that is an organization that's composed
of seven towns along the Hot River
Trail. And it's kind of a two-stage
organization. There is a board of
directors, which is either a town
employee or a decision maker from each
of the seven towns, and then there's an
actual board, uh, you could call it an
executive board that does the work. So
the seven the towns are the one that
decide what the organization does but
the towns don't do the work. The
executive portion does the work. My
suggestion is Bill Penn who is I think I
saw him running in here. Um
you know the only thing that would have
to happen with Bill is Bill would have
to keep the board informed. Um, and
anything that's
of concern to the town, he would have to
bring back to the board. So, you guys
could come up with a position before he
votes as part of part of the Hop River
TR Alliance. Um, alternately, you have
to find either a board member or a town
employee that would sit in on that. Um,
Jay Tuttle sat in on a few of those
meetings. eventually Eric, his
replacement, could do that, but I think
Eric has too many other things on his
plate to to put that on his head. Um,
the next thing you're going to have to
deal with is um you as a board are the
local traffic authority. Um, but the
reason you are authorized to make
decisions is because you have a local
traffic authority designate, which
currently is me. Um,
you can't technically make any road
signage or signal or any decisions
without an LP that has taken the state
training and state certified. So, either
one of you are going to have to do that.
um you know, which is a couple days out
of your life to go through the training.
And then annual, you're going to have to
go to two or three events year to
maintain certification for you're going
to have to find somebody to do that for
you. Um
I think you could probably just not make
any road silence decisions for the next
6 months until you had a full-time
person here and then make them do it.
That would be my suggestion, but that
would hamper you if you had to make an
emergency decision. You would be doing
that outside the bounds uh of what's
allowed in the state of Connecticut. And
the last thing is we really need
somebody to cover the Andover's
representative on the Capital Region
Council of Governments on two main
boards. The first is the policy board.
That's the major decision makingaking
board of the organization. And the
second is the transportation
uh committee. Um transportation
committee because
uh transportation
is where an awful lot of the funding
comes through.
and being on that board and interfacing
with the professional staff is very
helpful when you're trying to grant fund
your own projects. Um, so I think we
really ought to have a direct
representative
on both of those and I listed for you
when the policy board meetings and the
transportational committee meetings are.
Now I also serve on a number on three
other boards within Prague but
those are kind of specialist. One is the
bike ped committee um
you know I do that simply because it's
an interest of mine. I serve on the
priority pathway committee um which is a
committee determining trying to trying
to lay out the uh multi-use pathway
network throughout the capital region.
Um I'm doing that simply because
um I have a couple things in handover I
want to add to the list. Um so
you know I suspect they're not going to
replace me on that. Um and
uh that's it. That's the major for the
kind of outside organizations that I
wrapped the town on. Um
>> okay. So
>> just for the meeting purposes um
when you spoke at Jim Bano um we met
Chuck Murray and I met with Eric and Jim
last night just to understand
potentially what would happen with a
temporary administrator and just from
the meeting with Jim uh Eric was you
know it was interesting that Windham
didn't call on him just once to become
the temporary administrator they call
twice. And so that's what this board has
to decide really. What is our strategy
to replace the town administrator
position because we have
obviously a temporary issue that we need
to address short term and then we have a
longer term issue of what type of town
administrator that we're looking to
hire. Because in my mind, we have two
choices. we have a choice to sit there
and hire someone who has less experience
and potentially keep a similar salary
range or we have uh an issue with Eric
satan said we need to do a salary survey
to probably increase our costs and go
for a more experienced and do a wider
search for
and that's what the board we all need to
decide what we want to do And those are
the two things today that you know we
just need to come what's the basic plan.
My thought with the the temporary person
is to make sure that temporary person
documents the minutia of what Eric does
and document in such a way that we have
a working plan for the next
administrator to come in because I don't
believe that Eric walked in to the best
situation at the point in time when we
had the last change in town
administrators. I don't think Eric came
in with a lot of information as to
what the job entailed and who should be
called and what should be done. And I
would much rather in the three weeks
that we have left with Eric make as much
headway as possible to documenting all
of that and I think that would be very
helpful for us. So um
those are the those are the steps that
we have to deal with and we have to
decide what we want to do from a
temporary perspective and what we want
to do moving forward and
those decisions all don't need to be
made today but they need to be thought
about and we need to identify I mean I
will tell you the town administrator's
position the return on the investment of
the town administrator's position has
been significant and anyone who doesn't
think that uh needs to really just look
at let's say the prior six years or even
the first two years of the administrator
were very difficult. So, but I'll even
go past that. You back to the previous
administrations and the amount of grant
funding that was pushed into this town.
Uh I can only count about a million
dollars that came into the town u
probably since I moved into town. Uh
500,000 for the bridge that was a
fiasco. Uh that also cost us an extra
$500,000 and the $500,000 for the field
which was $250,000 for the renovation of
the old firehouse and I forgot I think
it was $250,000 for a field that we
combined into the field renovation the
first time. And anybody else here tell
me that there's more money than that
that's ever come into this town those 10
years?
>> Anybody? I mean, I'm just wondering
because I
>> there was some money that came in from
the state through the uh federal local
bridge program for the old bridge at
times far
>> time.
>> So that was probably
>> that's true that that was that was done.
>> Yeah,
>> that was done when I first joined the
board.
>> Was that under pro under process? Uh
that's near the Palazi house. Yeah,
>> correct. Correct.
>> Yeah. I want to talk about too is that
Eric did also get us involved in the
SIFT program which is bringing in about
$150,000 a year.
>> True.
>> By combining all those separate checking
accounts into one, it's just bringing a
lot of money to the town that we didn't
have before in addition to the $13.5
million worth of grants. So,
>> but that was your credit that
>> that was that was on the board that
should have been done long long time
ago.
>> Should have been done was done when Eric
came to office administrator process. So
that that those are the things that we
sit there and they board to consider as
to what we're doing
>> and also new vehicles for the
transportation.
>> Um again it goes to the return on
investment. So you invest money,
>> you have better performance.
>> I will only speak from my standpoint. Um
you you you elect a first selectman in
our town. We elect a first selectman,
that first selectman will not always
have skills that translate to an
administrator's position. And someone
might have the skills to do the
administrator's position, but have a
full-time job that they can't commit to.
And so you have a return on investment
issuing multiple ways. So who you elect
in my position
as first element is not always going to
be the best person to be the
administrator of the town. and and I
think if we regress and think of going
backwards to that uh process, I think
it's a a vast disservice to the
community and a and a monstrous step
backwards. So, but going forward, we
have the issue of
are we going to sit there and hire
someone that may not have all of the
prerequisite skills of an administrator
or are we going to pay more to get
somebody that has more of the skills?
That's what the board has now. That that
those are decisions and I would sit
there and go to other board members who
want to talk about that. That's that's
fine. That's future issues. I would like
to sit there and uh schedule a meeting.
I I mean Jeff, I'll sit there and go to
you. Would it be appropriate to schedule
a meeting with Jim Blano and the rest of
the board to sit there and see if it
might be a good fit for us?
>> I think that would be acceptable. I
think it's something I mean I I wouldn't
expect Carol, Ann, or Scott to vote on
somebody they've never met. So I mean
that's asking a lot. So um and you know
I this is the first I mean we met last
night and this is the first I've read
that there's another name out there. So
maybe
you schedule Richard Brown as well to
come in possibly Monday.
>> Okay.
>> And at least we have a choice between at
least two people to consider.
>> Okay. I mean, just to be fair, I mean,
>> well, let's find out if he's interested
and and sit there and see if we can get
that done.
>> And I and I Yes. I think we I think as a
board, we need to come to a consensus
since, you know, that's
>> who we want to go.
>> Um, so Eric, if we can if we can get
Eric Richard Brown's uh I know that we
have his email here, but if you could
potentially reach out to him to sit
there and see if he's interested, I'd
appreciate that.
I'm available all Monday. So if you want
to set something up for Monday again and
something again with Jim, that's fine.
But you guys have time.
>> We would have to put Well, we have we
got our meeting today, right?
>> I don't care. We'll do it Monday. I
mean, I'm honestly I mean I
we'll just do it Monday. We need to sit
there and put somebody in place as soon
as possible because Eric's last day is
the 14th.
>> Yeah. If we're going to do this, we we
need to make a decision before Wednesday
next week.
>> Yes. Because if if we're going to we're
looking at two if we're looking back at
his 14th looking back we're looking at
November 3rd 2nd 3rd
>> right
>> if you're looking at a twoe window so if
there's a decision made it has to be
made next week
>> now I will tell you and just simple I
mean um
Jim Bolano was the the economic
development coordinator in Windom so the
way that that we understood what
happened was a new new town manager came
in. He made some changes. He he uh he
terminated positions. He terminated Jim
Balano's position. So the entire EDC in
Windham has been carved out. And
how many people have left Windom so far?
And there's been three votes of no
confidence on the current town manager.
So it's it's it's a bigger mess than we
are. So this telling the truth. Um, so I
would like to you guys, Scott, to meet
him as soon as possible because he um
he may not have all of the skills on the
public works side, but from a from a
interpersonal
skill and time, he has time right now,
which would be very is very beneficial
to us from my standpoint.
So, Monday,
what time?
>> Whenever those Well, whatever the
candidates would be available.
>> Okay. So,
>> you're talking day, evening. What are
you talking about?
>> Well, let's do it during the day.
>> I'm available.
>> I mean, we can't do it in the community
room. We have to do it here. So, we got
to make sure that there's nothing
scheduled in here.
We could do it in your office, but then
>> for transparency, if you want to
videotape it, we should probably
Are you are you available Monday and
possibly the video?
>> Maybe.
>> Would you be able to do it Zoom? I might
be out of town. I don't know for sure
yet.
>> Um
>> I'd like to have take part.
>> Uh we can sit there and and can we work
something about that out?
>> So you want to do it?
>> Actually, can you do me a favor? Can you
do me a favor? Can you do me a favor?
Can you can you take a little bit of a
recess and can you call Jim Blan and see
if he's free this morning?
I know it's I know it's I know it's pain
and I know you got bridge work to do. I
do understand that Eric has to leave.
>> You want me to call Jim and see whether
he's available this morning?
>> This morning right now.
>> Thank you.
>> Go ahead. Are are those MTP meetings?
Would those be public or just executive?
If Jim walks in the door and I'm going
to have him talk right in front of this
meeting. I mean, he lives in Windom.
This might be a delay that we have to
sit there put up, but we have another
meeting at 12.
>> I I thought this was 10 to 12. I mean,
we could delay this meeting and have Jim
come at 11 and reconvene.
>> I've already met with Jim and if I have
to step out to 12:00, it's fine. I'm
fine.
>> Yeah,
>> I've heard all here.
>> Um,
no. if he has if he has availability and
he can make it.
>> Can Scott can Scott because it's
>> Scott's gonna be here at noon.
>> Okay. Well, it's imperative that Scott
will be here as well because I don't
want anybody making a decision without
me being a candidate.
>> No problem.
Um
so what let's actually talk about the
other part of this decision. So now
um
and maybe what we do is our next meeting
is when November 10th time.
November 10th.
>> A good part of that meeting really does
need to be what we're going to do
November 11th. Um
what we're going to do related to the
permanent position
and that'll have to be some discussions
we have with the board of finance. You
know, as I told as I said at the tri
board meeting, this is going to be a big
issue. It's either we are going to
go for an inexperienced individual and
potentially have the salary range in the
same position it's currently in or we're
going to go and we're going to step up
and it's going to be more money that is
going to be impacted the total budget.
So, we'll we'll communicate with the
board of finance as to what we're what
you guys So, you're you understand
because we can't have you guys push back
if we as a as a board make a
a decision that impacts the the future
of the town and then you come back in
your budget cycle and say we can't do
that. Like that's not going to work. So
even before we engage this a search
firm, we need we need to figure out what
we're going to pay for because obviously
you know from our discussions previously
at our salary range right now would be
worth engaging a search for.
>> Yeah. No,
>> because we're not going to fund anybody.
>> So that gets us back to square one. We
go back and look locally for somebody
that maybe semi-retired or something is
looking for a a local
>> Yeah. It takes takes an early retirement
who wants to come to work to retire. You
talking about me?
>> So Jim cannot make today. He has a prior
commission. He is available all day
Monday. So you want to schedule him for
Monday?
>> Um and if can't make it, could just
participate by phone
>> or just or just zoom through with me
>> or zoom through your office or
>> Yeah.
>> Well, if we're going to do it in here,
we got to figure out a way to do it. So,
um we know the
>> we can bring we can bring the Zoom setup
over here.
>> Um
>> let let's do it. Let's schedule it for
Monday. Let's also reach out to the
other individual and sit down and see if
he's available on Monday. Uh the meeting
is actually November 10th. It's on the
calendar. It's November 10th. Um
November 11th is Veterans Day.
>> For the record, the other guy I've never
talked to him. I don't know him. I don't
know any prominence about it. Well, we
don't know if he's we don't know if he's
even interested. He may say no to us,
and that's okay. We're going to do this
on Monday.
>> I want I want to do my due diligence and
look at if there's anybody referred to
us, I want to investigate it and take a
look.
>> No problem.
>> I just It makes sense.
>> Yeah.
>> So, Jeff Jeff did investigate him and
found out that Jim is an author. So,
he's got some skills.
>> Well, I took a look at his LinkedIn
profile and took a look, you know, just
want to see who he was about before I
met him. So,
Jeff what? This coming Monday what day?
>> This coming Monday.
>> What time?
>> He said he said anytime.
>> He said he's available.
>> That's better for you because you work
>> this time. I'm not working on Monday.
>> You're not working on Monday.
>> Only work Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
>> Are you guys okay in the morning?
>> 7 a.m. Bright and early.
>> Early as possible. Well, what we have to
do is we have to talk to the to the
the senior center director to make sure
that they're not utilizing this
facility.
Check right now and see when it's
available.
>> Sure.
>> Everybody get a copy.
>> Can you spell his last name's last name?
>> Uh B E
B E L L A N O.
>> Who else? Spell. I'm sorry.
>> B E L L A N O
wasn't. Maybe else actually.
>> Okay. So, is 9:00,
>> Eric? So, 9:00 post the meeting today. I
realize it'll be a problem. I don't
really
um
>> Well,
is this
>> It's close.
>> It's close. We have 3 days in between.
>> I think I think I think anybody in this
room can agree that it's
>> all right. So 9:00 we have 9 till 10 and
then they have chair coming in
>> 9 to 10 Monday morning.
>> Same time, same place.
>> Okay. So um that is open that is a
public meeting will be a public meeting.
>> Yeah. If anybody has any questions for
Jim please come and ask.
>> Yeah. So we'll um
uh it's it's more important that we sit
there and get this step done and then
really at our meeting on the 10th we
really have to plan and understand. So,
uh, Eric, I will discuss with you the
Sally survey request to sit there and
see if we get it from our next meeting
and potentially reaching out to the two
search firms just to understand their
parameters and how they work so that we
can have a maybe a more robust
discussion of that.
Um would that uh search firm work in
conjunction with uh a a board that was
developed to be part of the search
committee or would it just be just
>> We have to have we have to have a
committee.
>> A committing committee.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> So we're going to have a hiring
committee. That committee will you know
be two or one or two members of this
board. Probably two. And then we'll have
other board members and then we'll need
some members of the community that
aren't elected to participate.
>> That pro that part's actually laid out
in the charter. So you just read the
charter provisions for the hiring
committee for the town administrator.
>> Yeah. And that's something that's
recommended. Read let's all let's all
read the charter issues before we get to
our next meeting on the 10th so that
we're all familiar with what the the
issues are of hiring and what issues are
specific to the town administrator's
role. Anybody
else have anything
you guys want to talk about today?
>> We good? All right.
>> So, what are we going to know about the
second candidate? Probably
email.
>> We do have an email from him. Uh, I'll
get there. We'll try to sit there and
get a phone number from
John if we can.
>> John didn't have it or gotten it.
>> Okay. All right, then. Let's email him.
pulling on, you know, right after the
meeting.
>> Okay. Um, so if we're going to do that,
uh, I know we don't have public speak,
but I'm going to go through it at the
end. Joe,
>> I'm sorry.
>> You're good. Public speak.
>> You're good. Marcy,
>> you know, wait, I do have one question.
>> Go ahead.
>> Is there a price to keep you on?
>> Priceless.
>> Absolutely not. I'm leaving regardless.
>> Okay. Just had to ask. I already made
commitment to another town. That's where
I'm
>> uh I just um I know you have time to
think about this, but when you I when I
started my business over 30 years ago,
my main focus was fertilizer. And I've
hired a lot of people. And you may not
be aware, but when people fertilize
lawns, there's a lot of brain work that
they need. They need math. They need
people. They need, you know, it's not
about chemicals. I'm saying this because
I have so much experience in hiring
people and professional people. And what
I found over the years was that when I
hired people that were experienced,
they came at a cost. Yes. But I was
willing to pay that cost. But what I
found was a lot of them had a lot of bad
habits. That's why they weren't getting
another job. the people they were
working for weren't working out because
of their bad habits. But when I hired
somebody that didn't have experience, I
hired them for their heart, for their
for their love for the com for the work,
the company, and I would spend a lot of
time training that person, and I would
have that person for a long time. You
know, I I it's unusual for a company of
mine um landscape to have people for 10
years. And that's what I did. that had
several people for 10 years to do our
fertilizing. So, and this is what we
found. That's is I believe this is why
we were so successful with Eric. He has
the heart. He loves this town. He did a
lot of work. And um I just want to just
put that out there. And I know that it's
very important that we, you know, try to
make sure we have someone that's
professional. And I know it's a lot of
work when you hire someone that's not
experienced to go through these pains
and spend a lot of time training this
person, but it's also something to
consider that um that's why we've been
so successful. took the growing pains.
But
um but what we can learn from this is
that if we find somebody that we can do
this with then after five or six years
maybe we bump their salary up. Maybe
they treat them really well. But anyway,
I'm just going on but I just want to
just stick that.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Bill.
>> I'm good now. Thank you,
>> Liz. I'm Nathan. Good.
>> Eric, thank you.
>> I've enjoyed working with you.
>> You as well,
>> sorry.
She threw me off.
>> She threw me off. I'm blaming on her.
>> Okay, I'm fine. Thank you,
>> Bill.
I I think it's great that you're looking
to get an interim immediately while Eric
is still here so that
>> some of the stuff can be recorded,
written down, we can get the process
down so that if we hire someone else for
permanent position that will also be
smooth.
>> All right, I didn't miss anybody.
I'll make a motion to adjurnn. Seconded.
All those in favor? I